The trio of Al-Ahly youth team, Mustafa Fawzy, Mido Hossam and Besso, left today, Tuesday, for the Czech Republic. A source from Lilacora indicated that the travel of the young Al-Ahly trio is coming to join on loan the Czech club Victoria Zizkov. The same source concluded his statements by noting that the trio will sign one-year loan contracts for the Czech club Viktoria Zizkov. Al-Ahly had reached an agreement earlier with the Czech club Veskov to loan 3 of its young players, for more details.. Click here. Al-Ahly is preparing to face the South African Kaizer Chiefs for the second time in its history. Al-Ahly met with Kaizer Chiefs once in the African Super, in 2002, when he won 4-1. And the second time will be next Saturday evening, in the final of the African Champions League in the match that will be held at Mohammed V Stadium in Casablanca, Morocco. And FilGoal.com reviews with you where they are now, Al-Ahly's stars in the Kaizer Chiefs match in 2002. Essam El-Hadary, who scored the most famous goal in the match, from goal to goal. Essam El-Hadary, a goalkeeper legend in Egypt and Africa, now works as a goalkeeper coach for Ceramica Cleopatra Club. Hadi Khashaba, the last position he held, was the vice president of the Pyramids Club. Ahmed El-Sayed After retiring, Ahmed El-Sayed went to work in the field of players' agents. Wael Gomaa For years, Wael Gomaa has been working as a technical analyst for (BN Sports) channels. Ahmed Abu Muslim, general coach of Petrojet Club, and technical analyst at TEN channel. Hossam Ghaly After retiring, Hossam Ghaly worked as the director of football at El Gouna Club, and now he is a member of the football company committee in Al-Ahly Club. Gilberto The last position held by the former Al-Ahly star Gilberto is the sporting director of Primero de Agosto Club. Adel Mustafa, assistant coach in the technical staff of Ceramica Cleopatra Club. Syed Abdel Hafeez For many years, Abdel Hafeez has been the director of football at Al-Ahly Club. Reda Shehata, technical director of El Gouna Club. Khaled Bebo, head of the junior sector in Al-Ahly Club. Ibrahim Saeed is a technical analyst at TEN channel. Shadi Mohamed is a technical analyst at TEN channel. Walid Salah El-Din is a technical analyst in (On Time Sports) channels. The Al-Ahly trio, born in 1999, left for the Czech Republic to complete their move to Veskov. The aforementioned trio are Mostafa Fawzy, Mohamed Hossam "Mido" and Mohamed Ahmed "Besso", and they will play for Fiskov on loan for two seasons. Veskov is active in the second division of the Czech League. And FilGoal.com had revealed earlier that Amir Tawfiq, the director of contracts in Al-Ahly, had completed the procedures for the transfer of the three players to the Czech League. The club provided an apartment for the trio in the Czech capital, Prague, for the three players to live in. The board of directors of the South African Kaizer Chiefs club decided, urgently, to prevent the players and the technical staff from speaking to the internal and external media until the end of the Al-Ahly match in the African Champions League final, which is scheduled to be held next Saturday at the Mohammed V complex. Molevi Ntseki, director of football for Kaizer Chiefs, told “Al-Watan Sport”: “It was decided to prevent all players and the technical staff from speaking to the media, whether in South Africa or outside the country, until the focus is on the difficult and prospective confrontation with Al-Ahly, and if there are statements, it will be for the site.” The official only, especially since we know what and how to ask, especially since some focus on questions to provoke controversy only.” Kaizer Chiefs makes a decisive decision before facing Al-Ahly in the African final, and stressed during his statements that the team focuses well on the Al-Ahly match and considers it the match of age and history for him, especially since for the first time the team qualifies for the final of the African Champions League, which makes the task difficult, especially as it will face the most important team in Africa and the owner of the largest number of championships, which reached 4 times to the final of Africa in just 5 years, and this is a very large rate, but Al-Ahly of Egypt is very normal for this to happen with him. Moting Junior: The match will be written in history, while Moting Junior spoke about the confrontation of the first football team of the South African club against Al-Ahly in the 2021 African Champions League final. You will write in history, especially as their team trains regularly and strongly in today's training, in order to provide an "unbelievable" performance. Al-Ahly overcame the Tunisian Esperance obstacle and qualified for the final of the continent, while Kaizer Chiefs qualified for the first time in its history after overcoming the Moroccan Wydad. Hamada Sedky, the former coach of the Egyptian national team, confirmed that Al-Ahly club should sell Diang during the current period, adding: “If I were responsible in Al-Ahly, I would have agreed to sell Diang, especially as he reached the highest possible form and would bring a large sum to the club and include a new foreign player who was rediscovered and invested in him.” . Sedky continued his radio talk about Ahmed Abdel Qader, the Al-Ahly player loaned to the Smouha Alexandria team: “A player with great potential and can make the difference with Al-Ahly and is able to compete with Taher and Al-Shahat and even surpass them, because he is able to finish the attacks better than them.” Sedqi confirmed that Al-Ahly is living its best period now, continuing: "Al-Ahly is living its best period, and Musimani was able to put his hand on the team's strengths over time, and the audience was not satisfied with the performance at first." He continued: "Mosimane's mark is now clear and present in the big matches, and the team elements helped Mosimane a lot in the way he played." Speaking about Salah Mohsen, he said: "He does not like the wing position." And he concluded his words: Salah Mohsen is "reactive" in the wing position, and if he gets his freedom in the attacking position, his performance will be much better than that. Mahmoud Ashour, the referee of the Egypt clearing match against Al-Ahly, which ended with the victory of Al-Ahmar 4-1, explained the reason for calculating Al-Ahmar's third goal, to Mohamed Sharif, the team's striker. Ashour said on Radio On Sport: "In the ball of Al-Ahly's third goal, which I calculated for Muhammad Sharif, I considered that the ball rebounded from the defender to the goal, because there is a difference between rebounding and deliberately playing." He explained, "There is no explicit legal text that explains this, but the law refers it to the referee's understanding of football." He stressed, "I see that the ball rebounded from the clearing defender, and there was no intention to play the ball. I took the opinion of the technical committee formed by the Referees Committee and it was agreed upon. The goal was awarded to Mohamed Sharif." video:1 Earlier, FilGoal.com revealed that the Football Association’s referees committee decided to refer referee Mahmoud Ashour’s decision, calculating Al-Ahly’s third goal, in favor of Mohamed Sharif, to a technical committee to express its opinion on the decision. Ashour had calculated the goal, which Sharif shot into the body of Mahmoud Hamdi, the Egyptian goalkeeper for the clearing, and returned to hit Desouki's head and entered the goal, in favor of Mohamed Sharif, who scored two more goals in the match. Al-Ahly achieved its last victory in the league in the match that was held at the Army Stadium in Suez, before playing the final of the African Champions League next Saturday in Morocco against the South African Kaizer Chiefs. The victory raised Al-Ahly's balance to 51 points in second place in the league standings from 23 matches. 10 points behind the leaders Zamalek, who played 27 games, while the clearing balance froze at point 37 in tenth place. Regarding Al-Ahly’s equalizing goal in the same match, he said: “The video referees review every ball of the cases that VAR is entitled to refer to. The referee does not go to the screen except in discretionary matters, because there are cases that VAR confirms without being summoned and there are facts such as offside lines. Al-Ahly’s equalizing goal, the decision was not contrary to my decision, and there was no summons.”